.TH "pysc2.run_configs.lib.RunConfig" 3 "Fri Sep 28 2018" "UIUCscaipy2" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
pysc2.run_configs.lib.RunConfig
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits object\&.
.PP
Inherited by \fBpysc2\&.run_configs\&.platforms\&.LocalBase\fP\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP (self, \fBreplay_dir\fP, \fBdata_dir\fP, \fBtmp_dir\fP, \fBcwd\fP=None, \fBenv\fP=None)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBmap_data\fP (self, map_name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBabs_replay_path\fP (self, replay_path)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBreplay_data\fP (self, replay_path)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBreplay_paths\fP (self, \fBreplay_dir\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsave_replay\fP (self, \fBreplay_data\fP, \fBreplay_dir\fP, prefix=None)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBstart\fP (self, version=None, kwargs)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBall_subclasses\fP (cls)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBname\fP (cls)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBpriority\fP (cls)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBreplay_dir\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdata_dir\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtmp_dir\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcwd\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBenv\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
Base class for different run configs.
.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def pysc2\&.run_configs\&.lib\&.RunConfig\&.__init__ ( self,  replay_dir,  data_dir,  tmp_dir,  cwd = \fCNone\fP,  env = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Initialize the runconfig with the various directories needed.

Args:
  replay_dir: Where to find replays. Might not be accessible to SC2.
  data_dir: Where SC2 should find the data and battle.net cache.
  tmp_dir: The temporary directory. None is system default.
  cwd: Where to set the current working directory.
  env: What to pass as the environment variables.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def pysc2\&.run_configs\&.lib\&.RunConfig\&.abs_replay_path ( self,  replay_path)"

.PP
.nf
Return the absolute path to the replay, outside the sandbox.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def pysc2\&.run_configs\&.lib\&.RunConfig\&.all_subclasses ( cls)"

.PP
.nf
An iterator over all subclasses of `cls`.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def pysc2\&.run_configs\&.lib\&.RunConfig\&.map_data ( self,  map_name)"

.PP
.nf
Return the map data for a map by name or path.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def pysc2\&.run_configs\&.lib\&.RunConfig\&.name ( cls)"

.SS "def pysc2\&.run_configs\&.lib\&.RunConfig\&.priority ( cls)"

.PP
.nf
None means this isn't valid. Run the one with the max priority.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def pysc2\&.run_configs\&.lib\&.RunConfig\&.replay_data ( self,  replay_path)"

.PP
.nf
Return the replay data given a path to the replay.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def pysc2\&.run_configs\&.lib\&.RunConfig\&.replay_paths ( self,  replay_dir)"

.PP
.nf
A generator yielding the full path to the replays under `replay_dir`.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def pysc2\&.run_configs\&.lib\&.RunConfig\&.save_replay ( self,  replay_data,  replay_dir,  prefix = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Save a replay to a directory, returning the path to the replay.

Args:
  replay_data: The result of controller.save_replay(), ie the binary data.
  replay_dir: Where to save the replay. This can be absolute or relative.
  prefix: Optional prefix for the replay filename.

Returns:
  The full path where the replay is saved.

Raises:
  ValueError: If the prefix contains the path seperator.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def pysc2\&.run_configs\&.lib\&.RunConfig\&.start ( self,  version = \fCNone\fP,  kwargs)"

.PP
.nf
Launch the game. Find the version and run sc_process.StarcraftProcess.
.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "pysc2\&.run_configs\&.lib\&.RunConfig\&.cwd"

.SS "pysc2\&.run_configs\&.lib\&.RunConfig\&.data_dir"

.SS "pysc2\&.run_configs\&.lib\&.RunConfig\&.env"

.SS "pysc2\&.run_configs\&.lib\&.RunConfig\&.replay_dir"

.SS "pysc2\&.run_configs\&.lib\&.RunConfig\&.tmp_dir"


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for UIUCscaipy2 from the source code\&.
