.TH "pysc2.maps.lib.Map" 3 "Fri Sep 28 2018" "UIUCscaipy2" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
pysc2.maps.lib.Map
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits object\&.
.PP
Inherited by \fBpysc2\&.maps\&.ladder\&.Ladder\fP, \fBpysc2\&.maps\&.melee\&.Melee\fP, and \fBpysc2\&.maps\&.mini_games\&.MiniGame\fP\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBpath\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBdata\fP (self, run_config)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBname\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__str__\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBall_subclasses\fP (cls)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBdirectory\fP = ''"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfilename\fP = None"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdownload\fP = None"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgame_steps_per_episode\fP = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBstep_mul\fP = 8"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBscore_index\fP = \-1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBscore_multiplier\fP = 1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBplayers\fP = None"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
Base map object to configure a map. To define a map just subclass this.

Properties:
  directory: Directory for the map
  filename: Actual filename. You can skip the ".SC2Map" file ending.
  download: Where to download the map.
  game_steps_per_episode: Game steps per episode, independent of the step_mul.
      0 (default) means no limit.
  step_mul: How many game steps per agent step?
  score_index: Which score to give for this map. -1 means the win/loss
      reward. >=0 is the index into score_cumulative.
  score_multiplier: A score multiplier to allow make small scores good.
  players: Max number of players for this map.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def pysc2\&.maps\&.lib\&.Map\&.__str__ ( self)"

.SS "def pysc2\&.maps\&.lib\&.Map\&.all_subclasses ( cls)"

.PP
.nf
An iterator over all subclasses of `cls`.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def pysc2\&.maps\&.lib\&.Map\&.data ( self,  run_config)"

.PP
.nf
Return the map data.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def pysc2\&.maps\&.lib\&.Map\&.name ( self)"

.SS "def pysc2\&.maps\&.lib\&.Map\&.path ( self)"

.PP
.nf
The full path to the map file: directory, filename and file ending.
.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "string pysc2\&.maps\&.lib\&.Map\&.directory = ''\fC [static]\fP"

.SS "pysc2\&.maps\&.lib\&.Map\&.download = None\fC [static]\fP"

.SS "pysc2\&.maps\&.lib\&.Map\&.filename = None\fC [static]\fP"

.SS "int pysc2\&.maps\&.lib\&.Map\&.game_steps_per_episode = 0\fC [static]\fP"

.SS "pysc2\&.maps\&.lib\&.Map\&.players = None\fC [static]\fP"

.SS "int pysc2\&.maps\&.lib\&.Map\&.score_index = \-1\fC [static]\fP"

.SS "int pysc2\&.maps\&.lib\&.Map\&.score_multiplier = 1\fC [static]\fP"

.SS "int pysc2\&.maps\&.lib\&.Map\&.step_mul = 8\fC [static]\fP"


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for UIUCscaipy2 from the source code\&.
