.TH "pysc2.lib.actions.Arguments" 3 "Fri Sep 28 2018" "UIUCscaipy2" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
pysc2.lib.actions.Arguments
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits namedtuple, screen, minimap, screen2, queued, control_group_act, control_group_id, select_point_act, select_add, select_unit_act, select_unit_id, select_worker, build_queue_id, and unload_id\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBtypes\fP (cls, kwargs)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
The full list of argument types.

Take a look at TYPES and FUNCTION_TYPES for more details.

Attributes:
  screen: A point on the screen.
  minimap: A point on the minimap.
  screen2: The second point for a rectangle. This is needed so that no
      function takes the same type twice.
  queued: Whether the action should be done now or later.
  control_group_act: What to do with the control group.
  control_group_id: Which control group to do it with.
  select_point_act: What to do with the unit at the point.
  select_add: Whether to add the unit to the selection or replace it.
  select_unit_act: What to do when selecting a unit by id.
  select_unit_id: Which unit to select by id.
  select_worker: What to do when selecting a worker.
  build_queue_id: Which build queue index to target.
  unload_id: Which unit to target in a transport/nydus/command center.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def pysc2\&.lib\&.actions\&.Arguments\&.types ( cls,  kwargs)"

.PP
.nf
Create an Arguments of the possible Types.
.fi
.PP
 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for UIUCscaipy2 from the source code\&.
