.TH "pysc2.lib.features" 3 "Fri Sep 28 2018" "UIUCscaipy2" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
pysc2.lib.features
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBAgentInterfaceFormat\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBDimensions\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBEffects\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBFeature\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBFeatures\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBFeatureType\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBFeatureUnit\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMinimapFeatures\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBPlayer\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBPlayerRelative\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBScoreCumulative\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBScreenFeatures\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBUnitLayer\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBVisibility\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBparse_agent_interface_format\fP (feature_screen=None, feature_minimap=None, rgb_screen=None, rgb_minimap=None, action_space=None, camera_width_world_units=None, use_feature_units=False)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBfeatures_from_game_info\fP (game_info, use_feature_units=False, action_space=None, hide_specific_actions=True)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsw\fP = stopwatch\&.sw"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSCREEN_FEATURES\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMINIMAP_FEATURES\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def pysc2\&.lib\&.features\&.features_from_game_info ( game_info,  use_feature_units = \fCFalse\fP,  action_space = \fCNone\fP,  hide_specific_actions = \fCTrue\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Construct a Features object using data extracted from game info.

Args:
  game_info: A `sc_pb.ResponseGameInfo` from the game.
  use_feature_units: Whether to include the feature unit observation.
  action_space: If you pass both feature and rgb sizes, then you must also
      specify which you want to use for your actions as an ActionSpace enum.
  hide_specific_actions: [bool] Some actions (eg cancel) have many
      specific versions (cancel this building, cancel that spell) and can
      be represented in a more general form. If a specific action is
      available, the general will also be available. If you set
      `hide_specific_actions` to False, the specific versions will also be
      available, but if it's True, the specific ones will be hidden.
      Similarly, when transforming back, a specific action will be returned
      as the general action. This simplifies the action space, though can
      lead to some actions in replays not being exactly representable using
      only the general actions.

Returns:
  A features object matching the specified parameterisation.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def pysc2\&.lib\&.features\&.parse_agent_interface_format ( feature_screen = \fCNone\fP,  feature_minimap = \fCNone\fP,  rgb_screen = \fCNone\fP,  rgb_minimap = \fCNone\fP,  action_space = \fCNone\fP,  camera_width_world_units = \fCNone\fP,  use_feature_units = \fCFalse\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Creates an AgentInterfaceFormat object from keyword args.

Convenient when using dictionaries or command-line arguments for config.

Note that the feature_* and rgb_* properties define the respective spatial
observation dimensions and accept:
    * None or 0 to disable that spatial observation.
    * A single int for a square observation with that side length.
    * A (int, int) tuple for a rectangular (width, height) observation.

Args:
  feature_screen: If specified, so must feature_minimap be.
  feature_minimap: If specified, so must feature_screen be.
  rgb_screen: If specified, so must rgb_minimap be.
  rgb_minimap: If specified, so must rgb_screen be.
  action_space: ["FEATURES", "RGB"].
  camera_width_world_units: An int.
  use_feature_units: A boolean, defaults to False.

Returns:
  An `AgentInterfaceFormat` object.

Raises:
  ValueError: If an invalid parameter is specified.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "pysc2\&.lib\&.features\&.MINIMAP_FEATURES"
\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
1 =  MinimapFeatures(
2     height_map=(256, FeatureType\&.SCALAR, colors\&.winter),
3     visibility_map=(4, FeatureType\&.CATEGORICAL, colors\&.VISIBILITY_PALETTE),
4     creep=(2, FeatureType\&.CATEGORICAL, colors\&.CREEP_PALETTE),
5     camera=(2, FeatureType\&.CATEGORICAL, colors\&.CAMERA_PALETTE),
6     player_id=(17, FeatureType\&.CATEGORICAL, colors\&.PLAYER_ABSOLUTE_PALETTE),
7     player_relative=(5, FeatureType\&.CATEGORICAL,
8                      colors\&.PLAYER_RELATIVE_PALETTE),
9     selected=(2, FeatureType\&.CATEGORICAL, colors\&.winter),
10 )
.fi
.SS "pysc2\&.lib\&.features\&.SCREEN_FEATURES"
\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
1 =  ScreenFeatures(
2     height_map=(256, FeatureType\&.SCALAR, colors\&.winter, False),
3     visibility_map=(4, FeatureType\&.CATEGORICAL,
4                     colors\&.VISIBILITY_PALETTE, False),
5     creep=(2, FeatureType\&.CATEGORICAL, colors\&.CREEP_PALETTE, False),
6     power=(2, FeatureType\&.CATEGORICAL, colors\&.POWER_PALETTE, False),
7     player_id=(17, FeatureType\&.CATEGORICAL,
8                colors\&.PLAYER_ABSOLUTE_PALETTE, False),
9     player_relative=(5, FeatureType\&.CATEGORICAL,
10                      colors\&.PLAYER_RELATIVE_PALETTE, False),
11     unit_type=(max(static_data\&.UNIT_TYPES) + 1, FeatureType\&.CATEGORICAL,
12                colors\&.unit_type, False),
13     selected=(2, FeatureType\&.CATEGORICAL, colors\&.SELECTED_PALETTE, False),
14     unit_hit_points=(1600, FeatureType\&.SCALAR, colors\&.hot, True),
15     unit_hit_points_ratio=(256, FeatureType\&.SCALAR, colors\&.hot, False),
16     unit_energy=(1000, FeatureType\&.SCALAR, colors\&.hot, True),
17     unit_energy_ratio=(256, FeatureType\&.SCALAR, colors\&.hot, False),
18     unit_shields=(1000, FeatureType\&.SCALAR, colors\&.hot, True),
19     unit_shields_ratio=(256, FeatureType\&.SCALAR, colors\&.hot, False),
20     unit_density=(16, FeatureType\&.SCALAR, colors\&.hot, True),
21     unit_density_aa=(256, FeatureType\&.SCALAR, colors\&.hot, False),
22     effects=(16, FeatureType\&.CATEGORICAL, colors\&.effects, False),
23 )
.fi
.SS "pysc2\&.lib\&.features\&.sw = stopwatch\&.sw"

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for UIUCscaipy2 from the source code\&.
