.TH "pysc2.lib.actions.Function" 3 "Fri Sep 28 2018" "UIUCscaipy2" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
pysc2.lib.actions.Function
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits namedtuple, id, name, ability_id, general_id, function_type, args, and avail_fn\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBui_func\fP (cls, id_, name, function_type, avail_fn=\fBalways\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBability\fP (cls, id_, name, function_type, ability_id, general_id=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBspec\fP (cls, id_, name, args)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__hash__\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__str__\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__call__\fP (self, args)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBstr\fP (self, space=False)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
Represents a function action.

Attributes:
  id: The function id, which is what the agent will use.
  name: The name of the function. Should be unique.
  ability_id: The ability id to pass to sc2.
  general_id: 0 for normal abilities, and the ability_id of another ability if
      it can be represented by a more general action.
  function_type: One of the functions in FUNCTION_TYPES for how to construct
      the sc2 action proto out of python types.
  args: A list of the types of args passed to function_type.
  avail_fn: For non-abilities, this function returns whether the function is
      valid.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def pysc2\&.lib\&.actions\&.Function\&.__call__ ( self,  args)"

.PP
.nf
A convenient way to create a FunctionCall from this Function.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def pysc2\&.lib\&.actions\&.Function\&.__hash__ ( self)"

.SS "def pysc2\&.lib\&.actions\&.Function\&.__str__ ( self)"

.SS "def pysc2\&.lib\&.actions\&.Function\&.ability ( cls,  id_,  name,  function_type,  ability_id,  general_id = \fC0\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Define a function represented as a game ability.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def pysc2\&.lib\&.actions\&.Function\&.spec ( cls,  id_,  name,  args)"

.PP
.nf
Create a Function to be used in ValidActions.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def pysc2\&.lib\&.actions\&.Function\&.str ( self,  space = \fCFalse\fP)"

.PP
.nf
String version. Set space=True to line them all up nicely.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def pysc2\&.lib\&.actions\&.Function\&.ui_func ( cls,  id_,  name,  function_type,  avail_fn = \fC\fBalways\fP\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Define a function representing a ui action.
.fi
.PP
 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for UIUCscaipy2 from the source code\&.
