.TH "pysc2.env.mock_sc2_env.SC2TestEnv" 3 "Fri Sep 28 2018" "UIUCscaipy2" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
pysc2.env.mock_sc2_env.SC2TestEnv
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBpysc2\&.env\&.mock_sc2_env\&._TestEnvironment\fP\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP (self, _only_use_kwargs=None, map_name=None, players=None, agent_interface_format=None, discount=1\&., visualize=False, step_mul=None, save_replay_episodes=0, replay_dir=None, game_steps_per_episode=None, score_index=None, score_multiplier=None, random_seed=None, disable_fog=False)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsave_replay\fP (self, args, kwargs)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBepisode_length\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
A TestEnvironment to swap in for `starcraft2.env.sc2_env.SC2Env`.

Repeatedly returns a mock observation for 10 calls to `step` whereupon it
sets discount to 0. and changes state to READY_TO_END_EPISODE.

Example:

```
@mock.patch(
    'starcraft2.env.sc2_env.SC2Env',
    mock_sc2_env.SC2TestEnv)
def test_method(self):
  env = sc2_env.SC2Env('nonexisting map')  # Really a SC2TestEnv.
  ...
```

See base class for more details.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def pysc2\&.env\&.mock_sc2_env\&.SC2TestEnv\&.__init__ ( self,  _only_use_kwargs = \fCNone\fP,  map_name = \fCNone\fP,  players = \fCNone\fP,  agent_interface_format = \fCNone\fP,  discount = \fC1\&.\fP,  visualize = \fCFalse\fP,  step_mul = \fCNone\fP,  save_replay_episodes = \fC0\fP,  replay_dir = \fCNone\fP,  game_steps_per_episode = \fCNone\fP,  score_index = \fCNone\fP,  score_multiplier = \fCNone\fP,  random_seed = \fCNone\fP,  disable_fog = \fCFalse\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Initializes an SC2TestEnv.

Args:
  _only_use_kwargs: Don't pass args, only kwargs.
  map_name: Map name. Ignored.
  players: A list of Agent and Bot instances that specify who will play.
  agent_interface_format: A sequence containing one AgentInterfaceFormat
per agent, matching the order of agents specified in the players list.
Or a single AgentInterfaceFormat to be used for all agents.
  discount: Unused.
  visualize: Unused.
  step_mul: Unused.
  save_replay_episodes: Unused.
  replay_dir: Unused.
  game_steps_per_episode: Unused.
  score_index: Unused.
  score_multiplier: Unused.
  random_seed: Unused.
  disable_fog: Unused.

Raises:
  ValueError: if args are passed.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def pysc2\&.env\&.mock_sc2_env\&.SC2TestEnv\&.save_replay ( self,  args,  kwargs)"

.PP
.nf
Does nothing.
.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "pysc2\&.env\&.mock_sc2_env\&.SC2TestEnv\&.episode_length"


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for UIUCscaipy2 from the source code\&.
