.TH "pysc2.lib.features.Feature" 3 "Fri Sep 28 2018" "UIUCscaipy2" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
pysc2.lib.features.Feature
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits namedtuple, index, name, layer_set, full_name, scale, type, palette, and clip\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBunpack\fP (self, obs)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBcolor\fP (self, plane)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBunpack_layer\fP (plane)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBunpack_rgb_image\fP (plane)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "dictionary \fBdtypes\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
Define properties of a feature layer.

Attributes:
  index: Index of this layer into the set of layers.
  name: The name of the layer within the set.
  layer_set: Which set of feature layers to look at in the observation proto.
  full_name: The full name including for visualization.
  scale: Max value (+1) of this layer, used to scale the values.
  type: A FeatureType for scalar vs categorical.
  palette: A color palette for rendering.
  clip: Whether to clip the values for coloring.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def pysc2\&.lib\&.features\&.Feature\&.color ( self,  plane)"

.SS "def pysc2\&.lib\&.features\&.Feature\&.unpack ( self,  obs)"

.PP
.nf
Return a correctly shaped numpy array for this feature.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def pysc2\&.lib\&.features\&.Feature\&.unpack_layer ( plane)\fC [static]\fP"

.PP
.nf
Return a correctly shaped numpy array given the feature layer bytes.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def pysc2\&.lib\&.features\&.Feature\&.unpack_rgb_image ( plane)\fC [static]\fP"

.PP
.nf
Return a correctly shaped numpy array given the image bytes.
.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "dictionary pysc2\&.lib\&.features\&.Feature\&.dtypes\fC [static]\fP"
\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
=  {
      1: np\&.uint8,
      8: np\&.uint8,
      16: np\&.uint16,
      32: np\&.int32,
  }
.fi


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for UIUCscaipy2 from the source code\&.
