.TH "pysc2.env.lan_sc2_env.LanSC2Env" 3 "Fri Sep 28 2018" "UIUCscaipy2" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
pysc2.env.lan_sc2_env.LanSC2Env
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBpysc2\&.env\&.sc2_env\&.SC2Env\fP\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP (self, _only_use_kwargs=None, host='127\&.0\&.0\&.1', config_port=None, race=None, agent_interface_format=None, discount=1\&., visualize=False, step_mul=None, replay_dir=None)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBclose\fP (self)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
A Starcraft II environment for playing vs humans over LAN.

This owns a single instance, and expects to join a game hosted by some other
script, likely play_vs_agent.py.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def pysc2\&.env\&.lan_sc2_env\&.LanSC2Env\&.__init__ ( self,  _only_use_kwargs = \fCNone\fP,  host = \fC'127\&.0\&.0\&.1'\fP,  config_port = \fCNone\fP,  race = \fCNone\fP,  agent_interface_format = \fCNone\fP,  discount = \fC1\&.\fP,  visualize = \fCFalse\fP,  step_mul = \fCNone\fP,  replay_dir = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Create a SC2 Env that connects to a remote instance of the game.

This assumes that the game is already up and running, and it only needs to
join. You need some other script to launch the process and call
RequestCreateGame. It also assumes that it's a multiplayer game, and that
the ports are consecutive.

You must pass a resolution that you want to play at. You can send either
feature layer resolution or rgb resolution or both. If you send both you
must also choose which to use as your action space. Regardless of which you
choose you must send both the screen and minimap resolutions.

For each of the 4 resolutions, either specify size or both width and
height. If you specify size then both width and height will take that value.

Args:
  _only_use_kwargs: Don't pass args, only kwargs.
  host: Which ip to use. Either ipv4 or ipv6 localhost.
  config_port: Where to find the config port.
  race: Race for this agent.
  agent_interface_format: AgentInterfaceFormat object describing the
  format of communication between the agent and the environment.
  discount: Returned as part of the observation.
  visualize: Whether to pop up a window showing the camera and feature
  layers. This won't work without access to a window manager.
  step_mul: How many game steps per agent step (action/observation). None
  means use the map default.
  replay_dir: Directory to save a replay.

Raises:
  ValueError: if the race is invalid.
  ValueError: if the resolutions aren't specified correctly.
  ValueError: if the host or port are invalid.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def pysc2\&.env\&.lan_sc2_env\&.LanSC2Env\&.close ( self)"


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for UIUCscaipy2 from the source code\&.
