.TH "pysc2.env.sc2_env.SC2Env" 3 "Fri Sep 28 2018" "UIUCscaipy2" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
pysc2.env.sc2_env.SC2Env
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBpysc2\&.env\&.environment\&.Base\fP\&.
.PP
Inherited by \fBpysc2\&.env\&.lan_sc2_env\&.LanSC2Env\fP, and \fBpysc2\&.env\&.remote_sc2_env\&.RemoteSC2Env\fP\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP (self, _only_use_kwargs=None, map_name=None, players=None, agent_race=None, bot_race=None, difficulty=None, screen_size_px=None, minimap_size_px=None, agent_interface_format=None, discount=1\&., visualize=False, step_mul=None, save_replay_episodes=0, replay_dir=None, game_steps_per_episode=None, score_index=None, score_multiplier=None, random_seed=None, disable_fog=False)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBobservation_spec\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBaction_spec\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBreset\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBstep\fP (self, actions)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsend_chat_messages\fP (self, messages)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsave_replay\fP (self, replay_dir, prefix=None)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBclose\fP (self)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
A Starcraft II environment.

The implementation details of the action and observation specs are in
lib/features.py

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def pysc2\&.env\&.sc2_env\&.SC2Env\&.__init__ ( self,  _only_use_kwargs = \fCNone\fP,  map_name = \fCNone\fP,  players = \fCNone\fP,  agent_race = \fCNone\fP,  bot_race = \fCNone\fP,  difficulty = \fCNone\fP,  screen_size_px = \fCNone\fP,  minimap_size_px = \fCNone\fP,  agent_interface_format = \fCNone\fP,  discount = \fC1\&.\fP,  visualize = \fCFalse\fP,  step_mul = \fCNone\fP,  save_replay_episodes = \fC0\fP,  replay_dir = \fCNone\fP,  game_steps_per_episode = \fCNone\fP,  score_index = \fCNone\fP,  score_multiplier = \fCNone\fP,  random_seed = \fCNone\fP,  disable_fog = \fCFalse\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Create a SC2 Env.

You must pass a resolution that you want to play at. You can send either
feature layer resolution or rgb resolution or both. If you send both you
must also choose which to use as your action space. Regardless of which you
choose you must send both the screen and minimap resolutions.

For each of the 4 resolutions, either specify size or both width and
height. If you specify size then both width and height will take that value.

Args:
  _only_use_kwargs: Don't pass args, only kwargs.
  map_name: Name of a SC2 map. Run bin/map_list to get the full list of
  known maps. Alternatively, pass a Map instance. Take a look at the
  docs in maps/README.md for more information on available maps.
  players: A list of Agent and Bot instances that specify who will play.
  agent_race: Deprecated. Use players instead.
  bot_race: Deprecated. Use players instead.
  difficulty: Deprecated. Use players instead.
  screen_size_px: Deprecated. Use agent_interface_formats instead.
  minimap_size_px: Deprecated. Use agent_interface_formats instead.
  agent_interface_format: A sequence containing one AgentInterfaceFormat
per agent, matching the order of agents specified in the players list.
Or a single AgentInterfaceFormat to be used for all agents.
  discount: Returned as part of the observation.
  visualize: Whether to pop up a window showing the camera and feature
  layers. This won't work without access to a window manager.
  step_mul: How many game steps per agent step (action/observation). None
  means use the map default.
  save_replay_episodes: Save a replay after this many episodes. Default of 0
  means don't save replays.
  replay_dir: Directory to save replays. Required with save_replay_episodes.
  game_steps_per_episode: Game steps per episode, independent of the
  step_mul. 0 means no limit. None means use the map default.
  score_index: -1 means use the win/loss reward, >=0 is the index into the
  score_cumulative with 0 being the curriculum score. None means use
  the map default.
  score_multiplier: How much to multiply the score by. Useful for negating.
  random_seed: Random number seed to use when initializing the game. This
  lets you run repeatable games/tests.
  disable_fog: Whether to disable fog of war.

Raises:
  ValueError: if the agent_race, bot_race or difficulty are invalid.
  ValueError: if too many players are requested for a map.
  ValueError: if the resolutions aren't specified correctly.
  DeprecationWarning: if screen_size_px or minimap_size_px are sent.
  DeprecationWarning: if agent_race, bot_race or difficulty are sent.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def pysc2\&.env\&.sc2_env\&.SC2Env\&.action_spec ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Look at Features for full specs.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def pysc2\&.env\&.sc2_env\&.SC2Env\&.close ( self)"

.SS "def pysc2\&.env\&.sc2_env\&.SC2Env\&.observation_spec ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Look at Features for full specs.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def pysc2\&.env\&.sc2_env\&.SC2Env\&.reset ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Start a new episode.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def pysc2\&.env\&.sc2_env\&.SC2Env\&.save_replay ( self,  replay_dir,  prefix = \fCNone\fP)"

.SS "def pysc2\&.env\&.sc2_env\&.SC2Env\&.send_chat_messages ( self,  messages)"

.PP
.nf
Useful for logging messages into the replay.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def pysc2\&.env\&.sc2_env\&.SC2Env\&.step ( self,  actions)"

.PP
.nf
Apply actions, step the world forward, and return observations.
.fi
.PP
 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for UIUCscaipy2 from the source code\&.
