.TH "pysc2.env.remote_sc2_env.RemoteSC2Env" 3 "Fri Sep 28 2018" "UIUCscaipy2" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
pysc2.env.remote_sc2_env.RemoteSC2Env
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBpysc2\&.env\&.sc2_env\&.SC2Env\fP\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP (self, _only_use_kwargs=None, map_name=None, host='127\&.0\&.0\&.1', host_port=None, lan_port=None, race=None, agent_interface_format=None, discount=1\&., visualize=False, step_mul=None, replay_dir=None)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
A Remote Starcraft II environment for playing vs other agents or humans.

Unlike SC2Env, this doesn't actually start any instances and only connects
to a remote instance.

This assumes a 2 player game, and works best with play_vs_agent.py.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def pysc2\&.env\&.remote_sc2_env\&.RemoteSC2Env\&.__init__ ( self,  _only_use_kwargs = \fCNone\fP,  map_name = \fCNone\fP,  host = \fC'127\&.0\&.0\&.1'\fP,  host_port = \fCNone\fP,  lan_port = \fCNone\fP,  race = \fCNone\fP,  agent_interface_format = \fCNone\fP,  discount = \fC1\&.\fP,  visualize = \fCFalse\fP,  step_mul = \fCNone\fP,  replay_dir = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Create a SC2 Env that connects to a remote instance of the game.

This assumes that the game is already up and running, and it only needs to
join. You need some other script to launch the process and call
RequestCreateGame. It also assumes that it's a multiplayer game, and that
the ports are consecutive.

You must pass a resolution that you want to play at. You can send either
feature layer resolution or rgb resolution or both. If you send both you
must also choose which to use as your action space. Regardless of which you
choose you must send both the screen and minimap resolutions.

For each of the 4 resolutions, either specify size or both width and
height. If you specify size then both width and height will take that value.

Args:
  _only_use_kwargs: Don't pass args, only kwargs.
  map_name: Name of a SC2 map. Run bin/map_list to get the full list of
  known maps. Alternatively, pass a Map instance. Take a look at the
  docs in maps/README.md for more information on available maps.
  host: Host where the server is running.
  host_port: The port for the host.
  lan_port: Where to connect to the other SC2 instance.
  race: Race for this agent.
  agent_interface_format: AgentInterfaceFormat object describing the
  format of communication between the agent and the environment.
  discount: Returned as part of the observation.
  visualize: Whether to pop up a window showing the camera and feature
  layers. This won't work without access to a window manager.
  step_mul: How many game steps per agent step (action/observation). None
  means use the map default.
  replay_dir: Directory to save a replay.

Raises:
  ValueError: if the race is invalid.
  ValueError: if the resolutions aren't specified correctly.

.fi
.PP
 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for UIUCscaipy2 from the source code\&.
